Update unsecured gRPC call troubleshooting (#20196)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/troubleshoot.md

## Call insecure gRPC services with .NET Core client

> When an app is using .NET Core 3 or 3.1, additional configuration is required to call insecure gRPC services with the .NET Core client. The gRPC client must set the `System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport` switch to `true` and use `http` in the server address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an app is using .NET Core 3.x, additional configuration is required to call insecure gRPC services with the .NET Core client. The gRPC client must set the `System.Net.Http.SocketsHttpHandler.Http2UnencryptedSupport` switch to `true` and use `http` in the server address:
```

var client = new Greet.GreeterClient(channel);
```

> .NET 5 apps don't need additional configuration, but they must use `Grpc.Net.Client` version 2.32.0 or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.NET 5 apps don't need additional configuration, but they must use `Grpc.Net.Client` version 2.32.0 or later.
```
